# Group 6: Evaluating the Coherence and Readability of ChatGPT Output Across Multiple Domains

## Group Members
**Nick Gable:** gable105@umn.edu\
**Stuti Arora:** arora176@umn.edu\
**Archit Kalla:** kalla100@umn.edu\
**David Burchell:** burch244@umn.edu

**This file is simply an explanation of the included files for reference. Please see `report.pdf` for our actual report.**

## Code files
### Prompting
- `key.txt` contains the OpenAI API key - we removed ours since it is no longer active, please add your own if you want to run our prompting code.
- `prompts.txt` includes our prompts, one per line.
- `domains.md` organizes the prompts by domains so that they can be categorized later.

`prompt.py` is the main prompting script, which prompts the OpenAI Chat API 3 times per prompt in `prompt.txt`, storing the output in `results.md`. After this is ran, `to_excel.ipynb` coverts the output from `results.md` into a Pandas DataFrame and saves it as an excel document in `results.xlsx`. 

### Neural Coherence Model (HuggingFace)
*The text files included in this directory were used for early testing of the model, but were not used in any of the actual report analysis.*

`HuggingFace.ipynb` contains code for initializing the pre-trained HuggingFace Neural Coherence Model and applying it to the results generated from the prompting code. This code also generates the average prompt and domain coherence values used for analysis and found in the `results-hf-coherence.xlsx` spreadsheet. 

### Readability
`readability.ipynb` computes our readability metrics and stores the output in `readability.csv`.

### Topic Modeling
`TopicModeling.ipynb` loads in the results generated from the prompting code and runs our topic modeling setup, displaying the interactive visualization at the end of the notebook.

## Result files
- `results-hf-coherence.xlsx` contains the results output generated by the prompting and coherence model code, plus a graph on the third sheet of average coherence by domain.
- `readability.xlsx` contains readability metrics and a graph of the average Flesch-Kancaid grade level. This data was used to generate graphs used in the report for readability.

## Report
See `report.pdf`.